README.md, before:

# Open Data Engineering Academy Labs

A Dockerized JupyterLab environment with JupySQL, Postgres 15, and DuckDB pre-wired.

## 🚀 Quick Start
1. Prerequisites
   - Docker Desktop (For the Lab)
   - Python 3.10+ (For the Textbook)

2. The Lab (Write Code)
- This spins up your "Workstation." It includes a Postgres database (OLTP) and a Jupyter environment with DuckDB (OLAP).

3. Start the Engine:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

4. Enter the Lab:
- Open your browser to: http://localhost:8888
- Password: dataengineer

5. Start Coding:
- Open notebooks/sql_and_internals/00_Start_Here.ipynb.
- Run the cells to generate the 1-Million Row datasets needed for the advanced modules.

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting
"Port 5432 is already in use" You likely have a local Postgres instance running on your laptop. Stop it, or modify docker-compose.yml to map to a different port (e.g., "5433:5432").

"Magic %sql not found" Make sure you ran the initialization cell at the top of the notebook. It loads the jupysql extension.

"MkDocs command not found" Ensure your virtual environment is active. Your terminal prompt should start with (.venv).

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect organization and updated internal notebook organization.

README.md, after:

# The Data Engineering Labs

[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active_Development-blue)]()

Welcome to the workshop of **The Data Engineering Commons**. This repository contains the hands-on exercises, code samples, and Docker environments that accompany the **[Curriculum](https://github.com/DECommons/curriculum)**.

## 🛠️ Philosophy: "Break It to Learn It"
We believe the only way to learn Data Engineering is to get your hands dirty. These labs are designed to be run locally (or in a cloud shell) using containers, ensuring that everyone has the same environment regardless of their OS.

## 📂 Repository Structure
* `/foundations`: SQL, Python for DE, and Shell scripting basics.
* `/pipelines`: Building your first ETL pipelines.
* `/infrastructure`: Docker-compose files for spinning up databases, Airflow, etc.
* `/capstones`: Large, multi-stage projects.

## ⚡ Prerequisites
To use these labs effectively, you will need:
* [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).
* [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (Recommended).
* Git.

## 🚀 Getting Started
1.  Clone this repository.
2.  Navigate to the specific lab folder (e.g., `cd foundations/lab-01`).
3.  Follow the `README.md` inside that specific folder.

*Note: These labs are currently under active construction.*
